# Introduction #




# Sub Topics #
  * Semantic tagging and its importance
Findability is an important concept nowadays. There is a whole lot of information on the web. It is not easy for one to find the information he or she is looking for at a glance. Semantic tagging is a concept that increases findability, but we have to take a look at older methods to understand semantic tagging.
'The various methods of enhancing findability each have their limitations. Traditional document indexing/material cataloging and web information architecture do not go deep enough. Indexing is usually at the document level, and cataloging only works on the level of the material as a whole (books, sound recordings, video recordings, etc.). Information architecture aids in the navigation of a website, intranet, or portal, but in itself it is often not sufficient for finding specific information. Search engines match user-entered keywords and phrases to those found within the texts or metatag fields of documents, but these are still just word matches and do not necessarily go after the meaning of a document. For example, many words are quite ambiguous, and search results would not be accurate on words such as "state," "log," or "screen"—even in combination with other words. Social tagging only involves files or webpages that the user and colleagues have already viewed or created. More significantly, though, social tagging tends to suffer from inconsistent application of tags, such as using both synonyms (movie, motion picture, film), singular/plural forms, and abbreviations (Corporation/ Corp., information/info).'
Now, semantic tagging can be defined as the assigning of selected controlled vocabulary (aka taxonomy) terms, especially by trained indexers, to content items, such as articles, images, or other documents, to reflect the meaning of the content. Nevertheless, there are publishers that consider semantic tagging to be something more than mere controlled vocabulary-based human indexing; they are pursuing new techniques. One way that semantic indexing is distinguished from traditional subject indexing of documents is that it focuses on concepts rather than the documents as a whole. Another way that semantic indexing is distinguished from traditional subject indexing of documents is that it focuses on pieces of content at a finer, granular level.
  * [Semantic Search](https://code.google.com/p/bounswe2015group3/wiki/SemanticSearch)
  * [Applications for semantic tagging and searching](https://code.google.com/p/bounswe2015group3/wiki/ApplicationOfSemantics)